**Notes:**

1. The problem ask us to find all the palindromic substrings of the given string if we do a partitioning of the given string.
2. The only to solve such a problem is bruteforce, so we will use the backtracking algorithm recursive depth first search.
3. The problem ask to partition the given string, meaning before we check whether a partition is a palindrome, we have to make the partiions first. The first partition can be the first character itself, then second partition has two chracters, then third partition has three characters and so on until we reach the end of the string. PROTip: make a decision tree. Then check if each partition is valid palindrom or not. Add all the partitions that are palinderomes in the resultant array. After that, at the second level of the decision tree, take the character and repeat the same process. Partition next character and then two next character and then three next character and so on.
4. We initialize the resultant list that will hold all the partitions and another list that will hold all the palindromic substrings of the partition.
5. After that we define our backtracking recursive function with i iterator for the string as the argument.
6. In the recursive function we will first check if the length of the word is greater than equal to the i iterator. It means we are at the end of the word. So we will append the copy of current partition to the resultant list.
7. Then we will start a loop that starts from the current i iterator till the length of the word. So basically i will be our starting index of the substring and j the iterator of this loop we keep moving to the right till the end of the word. Here we will check if the current substring is a palindrome, if its not a palindrome we continue on to the next iteration of j. If the current substring is a palindrome, we will add to our current partition. After that we will make the recursive call on the next character by passing `j + 1` to the backtrack function. After that we will pop the last element we added to the partition (This step is important because we need to clear up the partition for next partitions).
8. Outside this method we will simply call the recursive function with iterator equal to 0 (first character of the string) and return the resultant list.
9. We also need to helper function that will check whether the current substring is a palindrome or not. We will pass the string word, startign index and the ending index. Check leetcode 125 for more explaination.
