**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to find the 1 bits in a given integer. Bits are 0,1. So at the binary level how many bits does a number has?
2. There are two approaches to solve this problem first one is a more simpler approach. The other one is efficient by there is a clever trick that can be used to have even more faster code but its not as easy to come up with.
3. Let's discuss the first approach. For counting bits, we will have a result variable and then we run a loop til n becomes zero. At each iteration we take the the modulus of the "n" with 2. If it return 1, we add it to our resutl and if it return 0 we will also add it to result because zero will not do anything to the result. After that we shift the "n" by 1. Standard bit operation. Outside the loop we will simply return the result. The time complexity of this solution is O(32) -> O(1).
4. Now let's discuss the second approach. When counting bits in the above solution, we also go through all the zeros and disregard those zero by taking a modulus. What if we only the 1s that are actually present in the number. The time complexity will still be O(1). If it might be faster that way, in terms of iteration over n.
5. There is a way to do it. Whenever we update the "n" for next iteration. if we take the (&) between n itself and (n-1). It means we subtract 1 from n and take (&) with the original n. This way we will only drop the 1. In next iteration we do the same thing, and another 1 is dropped. So we keep a counter as above and for each iteration we increment the 1 to the result. This will be more efficient than the above solution but still O(1).
