**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to find which cells in a given grid of m x n can flow to both atlantic and pacific oceans. Pacific ocean is adjacent to the top row and left column. Atalantic ocean is adjacent to the bottom row and right column. Each cell represents a height above sea level. As we know water flows from a higher height to a lower height, we have to find all the cells from where water can flow to both oceans. Note that, all the cells adjacent to the oceans can flow directly to the oceans.
2. The first approach is to run DFS on each cell and recursively check whether the cell and its neighbours flow to both of the oceans. We have to cater for a lot of edge cases and even then the run time complexity of such approach would be O((m x n) ^ 2). We should be able to optimize this run time and DFS algorithm using a data structure like hashset and keep track of the visited nodes. But simply running dfs on each cell and keeping a visited hashset will not guarentee a solution.
3. There is a small trick to optimally O(m x n) solve this question. First we find all the cells that flow to the pacific oceans and then find all the cells that flow to the atlantic ocean. We will use two hashsets to keep track of which cells flow to pacific and atlantic ocean and then we take the intersection of these two hashsets to get our resultant list of cells.
4. So we will run DFS on all the cells that are adjacent to oceans and keep track of the ones that flows to the ocean in their respective hashsets. Starting from the top and bottom row. Top row flows to pacific, bottom row flows to atlantic. Then we run the DFS from left and right columns. Left column flows to pacific and right column flows to atlantic. This will populate both of the hashsets.
5. Now all we need is a recursive DFS helper method. For which we need the positon of the cell as arguments, we also need a visited hashset which will keep track of all the valid cells as argument. There is one more argument that we need to pass in that height of the previous neighouring cell. Why we need the previous cell height? Since water flows from higher to lower elevation, in our case, we are moving inwards from the oceans, so basically if the new cell's height is greater or equal to the previous neighbouring cell height then it means water will flow from this new cell to the previous neighbouring cell. Only then we will add this new cell to the visited hashset.
6. Our base case for the recursive DFS function is to check whether the given cell is in the visited hashset or its out of bounds or given cell value is less than previous height then we will simply return from the function. If we have a valid cell, we will add it to the hashset. Then we make 4 recursive calls to all four adjacent neighbours.
7. Once we have both the pacific and atlantic hashsets populated, We will simply return the intersection of the two sets in a list. ProTip: In Python, we can use the **&** operator to take the intersection of two sets. Then we convert the resultant set into a list of lists and return it.
8. Alternatively, we can go over the entire grid and check if a cell exists in both sets, we add that cell to a resultant list and return the resultant list.
