**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to calculate the minimum cost to connects all the points in a 2D plane. The cost of connecting two points is basically the manhattan distance between those two points. `dist = abs(x1 - x2) + abs(y1 - y2)`
2. The primary intution to solve this problem is that we are given points and we are required to connect with the minimum total distance. So the cost of each edge is important and we have to make sure that we select the minimum cost each time when we travel from one point to other. Thinking this way will allow us to recongnize this problem as a graph problem and we can also take a note that the cost of each edge is important and our final cost is also dependant on it. This understanding leads us to the minimum spanning tree (MST), which basically a minimum subset of a graph that is acyclic, weighted, undirected and connected. There are two algorithms to find the minimum spanning tree, Prim's and Kruskal. The Prim's algorithm is similar to Dijkstra's algorithm, so we will use that algorithm to solve this problem.
3. So the first step is to build an adjacency list. The idea is that, our adjacency list should be in the exact same format that matches the popular implementation of the Prim's Algorithm. Adjacency list for the popular implementation has the following format.								 `{ source_node: [[cost_of_connection, destination_node],.....]}`
4. Question is how many possible edges we can draw with given set of points. We can make `E <= V^2` where E is edges and V is number of points. Meaning from a point we can have outgoing edges to every other point in the graph.
5. To build our adjacency list on the above discussed format. We run a nested loop, Where outer loop run over the entire list of points and the inner loop runs over all the remaining points. We calculate the manhattan distance between 2 points. Then we add this to the neighbour list of source node, with cost /distance and destination node. Since it will an undirected graph. We also need to add the source node to the neighbour list of destination node as well.
6. After that we basically have to run the basic implementation of Prim's Algorithm. We will have visited Hashset, this will let us know about the nodes that has been visited and already part of our MST. Also this will be helpful in terminating our while loop, where the length of the visited hashset becomes equal to the number of points. Second we need a minHeap, which has the main purpose to supply us with the edge that has the minimum cost. We initialize the minHeap with our first node. Each node in the minHeap will have a format of `(cost_of_connection, destination_node)` For the fist node it will be (0,0). Then we will also have a result variable that sums up the total cost of creating this minimum spanning tree.
7. At each iteration we pop a minimum edge cost from the heap. Then we will check if we have visited that node before or not. If we have visited the node before then we will continue to the next iteration and pop the next minimum edge from the minHeap. If the node has not been found in the visited hashset then we will add to the hashset and then we add this cost to the result. After that we will go over the neighbors of this node from the adjacency list and add the neighbours to the minHeap as well. Finally outside our while loop, that terminates whenever the length of visited hashset is equal to number of points, we will simply return the result.
8. The overall time complexity of this solution is equal to Prim's Algorithm. O(N^2.LogN). where N is the number of nodes and LogN is to perform logn operations on the minHeap.
