**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to find the total number of valid combination that make up to the target amount.
2. We are given a list of coins and a target amount. How many ways we can return the change? What would be the brute force appraoch of solving this problem. This problem can be solved the 0/1 unbounded knapsack algorithm. So the basic idea is to draw the recursive tree for the problem using every coin and the remaining amount. Our recursive tree will start from the amount 0. Then we can either include the first coin or skip the first coin. If we include the first coin, then the new amount will be the difference of current amount and the coin value. If we skip the first coin, then the new amount will remain as is.
3. What should be our base cases here? If the amount becomes equal to the target amount. It means we have found a valid solution, so we can return 1. This is our good base case. Now if the amount is greater than the target amount, we were unable to find the solution, so we return zero. This is our bad base case. Now what should be our termination case? The termination case means where should we naturally stop building our recursive tree. That would be the point where we have taken decisions for all the given coins in the coin's list. So as soon as the index of the coins becomes equal to the length of coin's list, we would return zero in this case, since in this condition a solution is also not possible.
4. What should be the recursive case here? We have two choices at each step, either to include the coin or skip the coin. Both choices can either lead to a valid solution or not. If we find a solution we return 1 and if we dont find a solution we return 0. If we add the result of both of these choices, we will get the final result for the current coin and current amount.
5. Now finally lets disscus the optimization. We can use a cache, preferablly a Hashmap, where key is our input parameters i.e. index and amount. Whenever we make a recursive call one of these parameters change and then recursively we accumulate the resuts to make the final result. So, we will have to add one more base case for cached results. If the result has already been calculated then we will simply return from the cache. The other change is to add the current result to the cache before returning the current result. It can be done by saving the result of the recursive call.
6. The time complexiy of the brute force soluiton is O(m ^ n) where m is the number of coins and n is the amount. However, if caching is implemented then top down dp solution is O(m.n) and the space complexity will same as well.
