**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to capture all the regions (4 directionally connected "0" cells) that are 4 directionally surrounded by the "X". Capturing means replacing the "0" with "X". If a region is adjacent to any border meaning if any "0" cell of a region is connected to a border we will skip the entire region because such regions is not connected by "X" in all four directions.
2. We know all the "0" cells that are at the border cannot be captured. So we can first check the borders and if we find a "0" cell, we can run DFS to find all the neighbouring "0" cells and mark this unsurrounded region by replacing all the "0"s with "T". Basically we find out all the unsurrounded regions first. The base condition for this recursive dfs is to check whether the cell is out of bounds of the board and it's value is equal to "X" we will simply return. Then we replace the "0" with "T". After that we make four recursive calls on each neighbouring cell.
3. Once we have marked all the unsurrounded regions with "T". We simply loop over the entire grid and change all the "0" cells to "X". So Bascially now we have captured all the surrounded regions.
4. Then we have remark all the "T" cells back to "0". Converting back all the T cells back to their original state. Once again we will loop over the entire grid and this time change all the "T" cells to "0". At this point the given board has become the output of the problem. So we will simply return the given board.
5. The time complexity of this solution is O(m x n) since we loop over the entire grid couple of times. We ran dfs on the border "0" cells but becuase of our base condition the dfs will not be more than O(m x n). We will not be using any other data structures to store like a hashset or list or something, so the space complexity is constant.
