**Notes:**

1. This problem requires us to find a solution that can only be achieved with binary search algortithm. O(log(m+n)). We cannot merge the sorted arrays and then find the median. It means we have to use the two arrays as it is without merging them.
2. If we merge the sorted arrays and maintain the order. The length of the merged array is equal to the sum of length of two arrays. The median is bascially the half of this total length. So basically we need to find the correct half of the merged array.
3. So we have to find the correct left halves of the two arrays. We can take the smallest array, find its mid point, take remaining elements from the larger array and hypthetically complete the left half of merged array. `TotalHalf - SmallArrayHalf = LargeArrayHalf` . ProTip: Keep in mind that arrays are zero indexed and this formula is for number of elements. In order to find the correct indices of mid points, you have to subtract 1 or 2. So basically we have to find the correct mid point of smaller array. We can use binary search here to find the correct mid point of smaller array.
4. How do we know we have the correct left half of the merged array. If the last value in the left portion of the smaller array is less than or equal to the first value in the right portion of the larger array `Aleft <= Bright` and The last value in the left portion of the larger array is less than or equal to the first value in the right portion of the smaller array `Bleft <= Aright. `If both of these conditions are satisfied we have found the correct half of the merged array.
5. An important thing to cater here is the index bounds when we have to work with Aleft, Bleft, Aright and Bright.
   1. ALeft index should be greater than zero else its negative infinity float("-infinity")
   2. BLeft index should be greater than zero else its negative infinity float("-infinty")
   3. Aright index should be less than length of A else its positive infinity float("inifinity")
   4. Bright index should be less than length of B else its positive infinity float("inifinity")
6. Another important thing is that our left and right pointers can also go out of bounds and cross each other. Thats the reason why we are setting infinities in step 5. So we have to keep our binary search loop running `while True.` We are guaranteed to find a solution anyways.
7. If the last value in the left portion of the smaller array is greater than the first value in the right portion of the larger array `Aleft > Bright`. It means we need less values from the smaller array. Then we will search the correct mid on the left of smaller array. `r = mid - 1`
8. If the last value in the left portion of the larger array is greater than the first value in the right portion of the smaller array `Bleft > Aright.` It means we need more values from the smaller array. Then we will search the correct mid on the right of smaller array. `l = mid + 1`
9. In the case where we have found the correct half of the merged array. If the length of total elements is odd. It means we have one value for the median. It should be the minimum of the first values in the right portions of smaller and larger arrays. If length of total elements is even. It means we have two values for median. Then, it should be the Sum of Maximum of the last values in the left portions of smaller and larger arrays AND the Minimum of the first two values in the right portions of the smaller and larger arrays DIVIDED by 2.
10. Only return the medians as soon as it is found. Nothing to return at the end of the function, since we are guarenteed to find a median.
