**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to find the minimum cost required to get to the top floor. We can start at index 0 and at index 1. We can 1 step or 2 step at a time. Each time we take a step, we incurr the cost value at that index. One more important thing to know that last value is the cost to get to the top floor. Being already on top floor has no cost. So we can simply append 0 to the cost list as top floor.
2. The brute force approach of soliving this problem is to first create a decesion tree starting from the 0th index, we will have two choices 1) we can take one step to get to index 1. 2) we can take two steps to get to index 2. Both choices will have a cost of 10. Then from each index we jump to other indices, until we reach the top floor. We calculate the total cost of that path. We will have a subtree that starts from the 1st index. We should be able to identify the path with minimum cost comparing the paths from 0 and 1 indices.
3. For the top down approach, we will have a recurisve solution. We can start with last index, which is the cost of the top floor and calculate the cost recursively. We will incorporate memoization. By memoizing the calculated total cost at the given index in a hashmap. Basically we have to take minimum of the cost of last two results (one step, two step) and store it in cache and then return it as well. An implementation of this is done as well.
4. For the bottom up approach, we will have an iterative solution. We can either keep two variables, storing the cost of top floor(which is zero appended as the first step) in second variable and storing the cost of the second last index value as first. Then we start looping the array in reverse from the third last element. We simply take the minimum of last two costs and add it to the total cost variable and then simply return it outside the loop.
