**Notes:**

1. The problem is to find the maximum product of any contigious subarray. The given subarray can have positive, negative and zero values.
2. The brute for approach for this problem is to find all the subarrays, calculate their products and keep a result variable to keep updating the max product. And finally simply return 0. This will have the time complexity of O(n^2). Can we do better if yes then How?
3. The most important thing is to look at the patterns. If we have all positive numbers we can simply go over the array once and taking product of the previous with every new element in the array, we will get the maximim product because product were increasing.
4. But if we have all negative numbers, it not the same or revese. We will have alternating products. Meaning max product till index 1 is postive but max product till index 2 is negative. So what should we do? The main idea here is to at each step we have to keep track of both, the minimum and maximum at each element. All the results will compounded to two values maximum and minimum. So when we take the product with next value in the array, we take the product with the last maximum value and with the last minimum value. Then we update the current max and current min for the current value by taking the maximum and minimum respectively of three values
   1. product of last maximum with current value.
   2. product of last minimum with current value.
   3. and the current value it self. Why current value itself? Because suppose we have [-1, 8]. What the maximum product in this? Its -8. What the minimum product in this? Its also -8. We need the maximum. The current value is greater than both the product so we take it as the max.
5. This approach is good but there is one edge case that we have to cater. What if there is a 0. 0 can kill off all the effort we are doing to find the max product. So 0 is our bad edge case. Wheneever we encounter a zero we will simply set the current max and current min both to one and continue to the next element in the array.
6. In implementation we will keep track of the current max and min and initialize both to 1. Since 1 is a neutral number. We also need to keep track of the overall max product subarray, which is basically our result. We initialize the result variable to the max of the entire given list of numbers. And after processing current max and min values, we will update the result with the max of result with current max. Finally we will simply return the result.
7. The time complexity of this algorithm is O(n). Because we loop over the entire list only once, and at each iteration we calculate the current max and min and also update the final result.
