**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to find the number of ways we can climb up the stairs, if we are allowed to take either 1 step or 2 steps.
2. So basically at each step we have two choices, either take 1 step or take 2 steps. So starting from zero we can actually make a decison tree. This will be a basic binary tree, so we can use a simple DFS but it would be not be effiicient and would take O(2^n). By closing looking at the decision tree, we can figure out we doing a lot of repeated work. If we start caching what we have already calculated we can achieve a timecomplexity of O(n). An implementation of this has been done.
3. This problem can also be solved in Bottom Up approach using a loop. Such a solution will be a true dynamic programming solution. What if we start  from the bottom of our decision tree and move up to zero. Starting from the nth step, it can be reached by 1 step, since we are already on it, that's our default value. Then how many ways we can reach nth step from (n-1) step. There is only one way. Now in how many ways we can reach nth step from (n-2), this will be the sum of n + n-1. So basically we keep on adding last two steps result for the remaining (n - 1). Once we reach the 0th step will have our final result.
4. Instead of keep an entire array and summing up the last two values. We will just start with two variables, one and two. one will be initialized with the ways nth step can be reached which 1, two will be initialized with the ways n-1 step can be reached which is also 1. Then we have to calculate n-1 steps to get the final result. We will use for loop that goes up until n-1. We store the one in temp variable and then update one, by adding one and two (last two results) then we assign two to the temp variable. After the loop, we will simply return one.
