**Notes:**

1. The most basic intution to solve this problem is to put all the values from the linklist to an array. Then we can have left and right pointers. Then we put the left first and then the right second till our left and right pointers meet. We put these value directly in to a new linklist. But the main caveat here is that we have to create a new linklist while the program ask us to do the reordering in place.
2. So in order to find a solution in O(n) time and O(1) space. We need to get some acess to the end of the list. But if we get to the end of the list and start merging, our next pointers will not allow us to move back, once we are done with the last element of linklist. So the idea here is to reverse the second portion of the list and then merge the first and second portions.
3. How to get the second portion of the list? We can use slow and fast pointer technique here. Its is important that if the length of the linklist is even, then we have to pick the first value as mid. In order to that our slow pointer starts from head and our fast pointer starts from the next of head. Once our fast or next of fast reaches the end of the list. The second portion of the list starts from the next of slow pointer.
4. Then we have to reverse the second portion of the list. But before that we need to handle some edge cases. like the next of slow should point to null. We need a prev pointer to reverse the list so that prev should also be null. Then we loop over the second portion, till the second becomes null. We store the next of second in temp. Then set the next of second to previous. Then move the prev pointer to second node. And then finally set the next of second node to the temp.
5. Once the second portion is reversed. The head of this reversed list is at prev. So that's the start of second. And for the first we just simply set it to the head of the list.
6. Now we pick the smaller list to loop over. The smaller list in this case would always be second. Before we change the pointers, we store the next of first and the next of second to temp variables. Then we set the next of first to second and set the next of second to the next of first which we have already stored in the temp variable. Once our next pointers are done. We move the first to temp1 and second to temp 2.
