**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to traverse the matrix in an spiral order and append values to an output list.
2. Spiral means we have to go throught the first row, then last column, then last row in backwards, then the remaining values in first column. Once that is done, then we move to the inner matrix by 1 and continue the same process.
3. So we need four pointers to use in this process. Left, Right, Top, Bottom. We set the top and left pointers to zero and right and bottom pointers to the length of matirx, i.e 1 after the last last cell. This will make it easier to loop and update pointer.
4. So basically whenever the left/right or top/bottom any one of these two pointers cross each other, it means we have processed all the values and we must break out of the loop. Otherwise we process rows and columns and update these pointers by one. As soon as we have processed a row we shift the top or bottom pointer. As soon as we have processed a column we shift the left or right pointer by 1. This will make our life easier while specifying the bounds of our loops.
5. First we process the top row using a loop. Increment top pointer. Then we process the right column using a loop. Decrement the right pointer. Then we will check whehther top/bottom or left/right pointers are not equal. If these pointers are equal, that will mean that the matrix has either a single row or a single column, and we have processed all the value so we break out of the loop. After the check we process the bottom row in reverse order. Decrement the bottom pointer. Finally we process the left column using a loop in reverse order. Then we will simply increment the left pointer.
6. The time complexity of this solution is O(m . n) since we have to go over all the values of the matrix. We are not using any auxiallary space to the space complexity is O(1).
