**Notes:**

1. This is a simple problem as it asks us to find the missing number from a list of size n, where the total range of numbers is (0 - n). So the total numbers are n + 1 and the given list contains n numbers, we have to find that one missing number.
2. There are many solution to this problem, the first solution that comes to my mind is to use a Hashset and populate it with all the numbers in the range of (0 - n). Then loop over the list and remove all the element one by one from the hashset. At the end, we will be left with 1 number in the hashset, that will be our missing number. But this solution will take O(n) space complexity, there are solutions to this problem that only require O(1) space complexity
3. The second solution is to make use of the XOR operator and use bit manipulation. The intution behind this is that, if we take XOR between two same numbers, we will get a 0 (5 ^ 5 = 0). If we take the XOR between two same numbers and one different number in any order, we will always get the different number. For example (5 ^ 3 ^ 5) => (5 ^ 3) ^ 5 => 6 ^ 5 => 3. So 3 was the different number. We can apply the same logic in this problem. But How? We have list of n +1 numbers and a given list with n numbers. We initialize the xorSum/res equal to the largest number is the range which is n. So one number that is not included in the given list, already part of the xorSum/res. Then all we have to do is loop over the given list by index, take the XOR between ith number in the range and the value at ith index in the given list. To add this XOR result to our result/xorSum, we will have to take the XOR of this result with our xor/sum that we initialize to the largest number and updated our current xorSum to this result.
4. The third approach is more intiutive and does not need any knowledge of bit manipulation. The intution is that, if we take the sum of all the numbers in the range and take the sum of all the numbers in the given list. Then subtract the sum of given list from the maximum possible sum of the range, we will get the missing number. We can use two loops to calculate these sums, but we can do it in one loop, following the similar logic we discussed above. We can initialize our result to the largest number in the range. So the extra number is now part of our calculation. Then we loop over the given list by index, take the difference of ith number in the range and the value at the ith index in the given list. Then add this difference to the current result and update the result. So we are subtracting element one by one and calculating the sum of the difference of the two lists, which will give us the missing number.
