**Notes:** 

1. The problem asks us to find the starting index from where a journey can start and complete a circuit. We are given a list of gas where each value represent the amount of gas at that station. And we are also given a list of cost, where each value represents how many units of gas are required to get to the next gas station. If we are able to complete a circuit then there is a guareentee of a unique solution.
2. The brute force way of solving this problem is to visit every station once and if you have not enough gas to get to any of the next stations, then try strating from the next station. We just need to make sure that we circle back to the starting position. This appraoch will take O(n ^ 2) time and its not optimal.
3. The second approach is the greedy algorithm and will run in linear time O(n). Lets start by first looking at the difference of gas and cost at each index AKA gas station. We know we can definately not start from the index/gasstation if the difference is negative. Negative means we dont have enough fuel to reach to the next gas station/index.
4. We know if the sum of entire gas list is less than the sum of entire cost list, we will not be able to complete the journey. Meaning there is no solution and we must return -1. This is our edge case. Otherwise we are guarenteed to find a unique solution.
5. If we keep a total balance of gas. Then for each gas station we add the difference of gas and cost ot move to the total balance of gas. Then check if total balance goes under 0. It will mean we will run out of gas if we try to reach this gas station, so we should start looking from the next gas station, so we may be from there we might be able to complete the circuit. So we reset the starting position to next gas station. If we dont find a negative value of total balance the starting index will remain the same till we get to the end of list. There is one important thing to note that we dont have come back to the starting index to make sure that we have the correct starting point. The index after the last index where total became negative is the starting index and we are guaranteed to find one unique solution. Because we know that the total amount of gas at the end of the list is equal or greater than the total cost of moving. (Refer to the edge case for more clarification)
