**Notes:**

1. The problem asks to increment 1 to a given large interger array of its digits in exactly the same order. All we have to do is to increment 1 and return an array containing digits in the same order as the incremented value.
2. This seems pretty easy because we can simply add 1 to the last value in the list and call it a day. But it not that simple, if we remember from our elementary school, what if we add 1 to the digit 9. It becomes 0 and the 1 carry overs. So what will happen if we have a 9 as the last digit. More so, if we have an of [9 ,9 ,9]. The result of that would be [1, 0, 0, 0]. So in the worst case scenario we have to traverse the entire list. So any solution would O(n).
3. So we have to keep track of the carry over, as soon as the carry over becomes 0. We can return the result. We will have to go through index by index but what should be the order? If we start from end of the list and add 1 there, then there will be a possiblity of carry over will go till the end, and then we have another problem we have to shift all the values to the right to make space for the remaining carry over.
4. So what we can do is that we reverse the digits array at the start, this way we will start adding the 1 from the beginning of the reversed list, and if there is a remaining carry over when our index i is at the length of the list. We will simply append the carry over to the digits list. Then we will reverse back the updated digits list and return it.
5. How do we initialize the carry over, basically we are only required to increment 1, so we can initialize the carry over as 1 variable, since it will be added first to the last digit and then if we dont have anything to carry over, we set the carry over variavble to 0. Then in the next iteration if the carry over is 0, we will simply reverse the digits list and return it.
6. The time complexity of this algorithm is O(n) and memory complexity is O(1), since we are not using any space. Reversing the list is O(n) operation and we have to do it 2 times, will one time we have to iterate throgh the entire list in worst case. So actual worst case time complexity is at most O(3. n) which simplyfies to O(n).
