**Notes:**

1. The problem ask us to find the diameter of the tree. It means we have to find the longest path between two nodes. We have to calculate the number of edges on the longest path between two nodes.
2. The most basic intution to solve this problem is that, for any given node we need to calculate the height of left subtree and the height of right subtree and then we can add the two edges. We will have the diameter.
3. The Brute force approach to this problem suggests a top-down approach. For each successive node we calculate the height of its left subtree and right subtree and then add the results and also add the two edges. This approach will lead us to O(n^2) time.
4. The recursive approach is better here, we traverse the tree till the leaf nodes and then we calculate the left subtree height and right subtree height. The children of leaft nodes are null. And if the root is null then its height is set to -1. This will be our base case for the recursion.
5. Our recursive call is where we are looking to find the height of left subtree and the height of right subtree. As in the case of leaf nodes, the height of either subtrees is -1. Then we should calculate the diameter. The Diameter is basically the sum of the height of left subtree, height of right subtree, one edge to left subtree, one edge to the right subtree. `D = L + R + 1 + 1  => D = L + R + 2`. At the same time when we calculate the diameter, we will also update the max diameter global variable. Pro Tip: A global variable in python, whose value we want to mutate in out inner recersive is declated by a list `diameter = [0]`
6. For the recursive function, what should be return?? We are using recursion to find the heights of the subtrees, and with the help of those height we are able to calculate the diameter. So this recursive function has to return height of parent node. Which is `1 + Max(height of left, height of right)`
7. Outside the recursive function we call this recursive function and return the diameter which we were storing in the global mutating variable.
