**Notes:**

1. The problem ask us to set the entire row and column, if a cell value in the given matrix is zero.
2. There are three ways to solve this problem, we will only code the optimal solution but discuss all the three breifly here.
3. The first method is to make a copy of the matrix. Then go over the inpu matrix, as soon as we find a cell with zero value, we will set the entrie row and the entire column in the copy matrix zero. By the end of this process we will find the result in the copy matrix. The time complexity is O(m ^ 2.n + n ^ 2m) and the space complexity of O(m.n). The solution is also not in place. So this is a solution but definately not the acceptable solution.
4. The second method is to make auxiallay space of 2 sets or 2 lists to mark rows and column that need to be zeroed. Then we go over the input matrix and as soon as we find a cell value with zero value, we flag the row of that cell in the row set and also flag the column of the cell in the column set. Once this initial process is done. Then we go over the row set, and make the rows in the matrix zero. Then we go over the column set and make the columns in the matrix zero as well. The time complexity of this solution O(m.n) and the space complexity is O(m + n). This is an acceptable solution because we are still modifying the input matrix.
5. The third solution is the most optimal using O(m.n) time complexity and the space complexity in this case would O(1). Similar to the solution in the second solution, we have to flag the row and columns here as well but the twist is that we will be using the input matrix first row and first column for the flag instead of creating separate lists or sets for flaging. Using this approach there is a catch, we have a top left overlapping that is common for first row and first column. So, we need to seprate it out and we can use the top left cell only to flag the first column. Then for the first row we will create a separate boolean variable that let us flag the first column.
6. First we go over the input matrix and flag the columns and for the row, if its not the first row then we will simply set the row to zero otherwise we set the first row boolean to True. Then we loop the over the matrix again but we will not include the first row and first column that is used for flaging. We make rest of the matrix 0. Then we go over the first column and the if the top value is zero then make the entire column 0. Then we check if the first row is zero, then we set the entire first row to zero.
