**Notes:**

1. The most important step is to find general patterns moving from left to right when we move through the histogram. Take a first scenario where height at index 0 is 2 and height at index 1 is 1. We cannot move any further from the top of height 2, because the height at next index is smaller. So in order to calculate the max area, we take a product of height and witdth (0 -1). The area in this case would be 2 X 1. Now at index 1, the height is 1, the same height from top can be extend backwards till the start of the array.
2. The next case is if heights are in increasing order. We can move further from each height till the end of the histogram. But as soon as we encounter a smaller height then we calculate the area occupied by the last height and then discard it. Actually we can use this area to update our max area.
3. If the height before the discarded height is also greater than the current height, we calculate the entire area that is occupied by this height. So this last height multiplied by the difference of the index of current height and the index of this last height.
4. The best approach is to draw it out and run through each step. Draw a histrogram, a stack storing index and heights, and a max area variable for keeping max area. Run throught the histogram from left to right. Storing a pair for each height and index in the stack and for index, choose the index of last greater height. Everytime you encounter a smaller height, pop out a value from stack, calculate the max area for current height where width is equal to the difference of current index and index of the popped value. At this update the start index for current height. Keep on checking and poping previous heights till a previous height is less or equal to current height. After the append the current height with the updated start index to the stack.
5. Once this process this done, there will be pairs left the stack, for which the area is not calculated yet. Go over the stack and calculate max area for each height and update the max area. The area can be calculated for each pair by multiplying the height with the difference of lenght of the histogram and index. Return the max area.
