**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to find the maximum amount that can be robbed from a street of houses where we cannot rob houses that are adjacent to each other. We always have to skip a house. Given is a list of money that representing money contained at each house.
2. The main intution of solving this problem is to recongnize that its a dynamic programming problem and if we know exactly the maximum amount of money we can rob from the last two houses, we can find out, whether we should rob this house or the next house. If we start from the first house, we either rob the first house OR we can skip the first and rob the second house. If we rob the second house, we cannot rob the first and the third house. So for the first house the maximum amount we can rob till the first house is value at index 0. Now the maximum amount we can rob till the second house is the maximum of first house and second house money. If the first house has more money than the second house, then max loot til second house is the first house money. And if the second house has more money than the first house, then the max loot till second house is the second house money only.
3. If we know what was the maximum amount that can be robbed from last two house. Then for the current house, we have choice: Either rob the second last house and this current house OR just rob the last house and skip this current house. We will take the maximum of two amounts. Now this is the important part, the maximum amount we calculated at this current house, is actually the maximum amount that can be robbed up until this current house. Now we basically need to update the last two robbed houses, by setting second last rob to last rob and also last rob to current calculated rob. At end, we have the maximum amount that can be robbed will amount stored in the last rob.
4. We iniitalize two variables, to store the max robbed amount till last and second last house. Intially we set both these to 0 because if there are no houses on the street, meaning the nums list is empty. Then we can directly return the rob amount of last house, which will be zero. And if there is only one house. Then when we take the max current house + second last robbed house with last house. So the last house will always have the maximum amount that can be robbed from the street.
5. We loop over the list inorder. We keep a loot variable which basically stores the maximum amount that can be robbed up until this house. We do this by taking the max of (current house + second last house, last house). After that we updated the two variables. Outside the loop we will simply return last house robbed.
6. Since we go over the list only once so the time complexity of this algorithm is O(n)
