**Notes:** 

1. The problem asks us to find the total number of ways we can add upto a target from a given list of numbers such that we can either add (+) the number or subtract the number (-). We have to do it with all the numbers.
2. Whats the most brute force approach of solving this problem? At each number we have 2 choice either to add it or subtract it. Let's say we start with a total of 0 and at each number we either add it to the total or subtract it from the total, we have to do this for all the values. So we will make a decision tree based on two choices, the two variables that will be affected by these choices is the index of the number because we have to make a choice for every number and the second variable is the total, if we add or subtract the number.
3. Now what is the base case here, of course when we get to the end of the numbers list. What should we return if get to the end of the list. We will check if the total is equal to the target. If total is equal to the target then we will return 1, because we have found one valid configuration that results the total equal to the target. Otherwise we can return 0.
4. Now lets discuss the recursive case here. When should we move to the next index? We have to move to the next index, if we have added the current number to the total and now we have a new total or if we have subtracted the current number from the total and now we have a new total. So basically we will have two choices. Each choice can lead to a solution. We have to calculate all the possible ways we get up to target, so thats why we need add the results of these two choices or subproblems to get the number of ways we can get to target starting from this index and total.
5. We need to cache the results for every combination of total and index in the cache. So what would be the runtime and space time complexity of this solution. Total number of indices is basically the length of the nums list which is n. Then what are the dimension of the total variable. The total variable maximum can go up the sum of nums list, in both directions, positive and negative. for example the sum of nums list is 10. Then we can have the possible values for total will be in the range of [-10, 10]. So that will be 20 values. So we can write down the time and space complexity both as O(n . 2.sum(nums)) => O(n.sum(nums))) => O(n . t).
