**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to find that the given tree is a valid binary search tree. A valid binary search tree has a left subtree value always less than the root value and the right subtree is always greater than the root value. Also both the left and right subtrees should also be valid BSTs
2. If we think we can just check the left and right node's values in an iterative way. We would not be able to figure out whether the tree is a vaid BST. A node value for the left child of the right child of the root can be less than the value at root. This will invalidates the binary search tree even though the right child's value is greater than than the left child.
3. The brute force way is to compare each node with all the nodes in the tree. This will be O(n ^ 2) solution.
4. We can use recursive preorder dfs. We process the node first and then make the recursive call on left and right trees. The second most important this is to make sure all the node values in the left subtree are smaller than the root value and all the node values in the right subtree are greater than the root value. So with the recursion we need the upper and lower bounds for each root value. So our recursive dfs method has a left argument identifying the lower limit and a right argument identifying the upper limit for the root value.
5. First we wil check if the root is null. Then we will simply retrun True.
6. If the root/node value is less the left limit and the root/node value  is greater than the right limit we will return False. One way to write out such statement is to make a condition that is true like (node/value is greater than the left limit and less then the right limit) and take the not of it. Then return false.
7. Then we will have our recursive call. Our recursive call is basically a combination conditional that left and right subtree both should also be valid binary search trees. The important is that how we are defining the limits in this call. For the left child, we will only change the right limit to the node/root value. Because in the left subtree we do not want any values greater than the root value. Similarly for the right child, we will only change the left limit to the node/root value. Because in the right subtree we do not want any values smaller than the root value.
8. Ouside the recusive dfs method we simply call the recursive method with left limit set to negative infinity and right limit to positive inifinity.
