**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to design a data structure for tweet feed, where a user can follow and unfollow another user. A user can post a new tweet. A user can get 10 most recent tweets made by its followees and himself. So basically we have four main functions. The most difficult one is obviously is getting the 10 most recent tweets by followees and the user himself.
2. The first step is to tackle the most simple tasks which is follow and unfollow users. We can have a FollowMap which can be a hashmap, where key is the userID mapped to a list of Followees (userIds followed by the key userId). This is intutive but we need to keep in mind that we also need to impilement unfollow functionality, which means we have to find the followeeID in this list and delete it, in a list/array, that would take O(n) time. So instead of a list we should use a hashset since adding and removing a value from hashset is O(1) time. So at the constrctor level we initate a followMap, which will basically have userID as key mapped to a hashset of userdIDs (followeeIDs)
3. The second easiest task is to post a tweet with a unique tweetId by a user. For this we can have a TweetMap which can be a hashmap, where key is the userID mapped to a list of TweetIDs (tweets posted by the user). Now this is also intutive and make sense since the most recent tweets will be at the end of the list but the caveat is that we have to merge list of tweets in a sorted manner from all the followees and then select the 10 most recent tweets. So we also need to keep track of time of each tweet as well, so we can easily compare the most recent tweet from all the followees and select the newest tweet and added to our result. So the tweetMap has userID as key which will be mapped to a list of pairs where the pair's first value is time/count and second value is the tweetID.
4. ProTip: We have to keep the time/count in negative values beacuse in order to get the most recent tweets, we will be using Heap Structure. Since python only has minheap and we will be using the MaxHeap, we have to keep the key (first value in pairs) as negative. So everytime we add tweet, we decrement the time/count by -1.
5. Now to get the 10 most recent tweets by followees and the user himself, we will store the tweetIDs in a resultant list. We will need a maxHeap or in the case of python a MinHeap with negative values. First we should add the user himself as followee in the FollowMap. After that we loop over followee hashset of the user. For each followee we extract the last tweet from their Tweet list only if the followee has any tweet. The last tweet will have the time/count and the tweetID. Then we append the time/count and this tweetID in the min heap. We also have to append the followeeID and next index (next most recent index `index - 1`). So each value in the heap will be a list of four items. `[time/count, tweetID, FolloweeID, next-most-recent-index] `
6. After that we heapify the minheap. This will be a O(n) operation.
7. Now we keep popping off values from the maxheap until there are values in the heap or our resultant list has at most 10 values(tweetIDs). Popping off a value from heap will give us four values. One of the values is the tweetID, we will simply add this most recent tweet to our resultant list. Then we check if next index is in bounds. `index >= 0` Then we extract the tweetID and the time/count at this index from the tweetMap using the FolloweeID. Then we append this time/count, tweetID, followeeID and the next most recent index to the min heap.
8. Once we have no values in our minheap or the length of our resultant list is 10. We will simply return the resultant list.
9. The overall time complexity is O(10.k). where k is the number of followees + user himself.
