**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to find the power to the n for the variable x. Then power can be in negative. The variable can be x as well. But if x = 0 then n > 0.
2. The problem looks simple because we can multiply x a total of n times. And if n is negative than we can simply calculate the positive n and then just before returning the result, we will divide the result by 1. This solution will have a time complexity of O(n). Is it the optimal solution. Not really, we can break this problem up and achieve a better time complexity.
3. We can use the divide and conquer technique to solve this problem. So how can we do that. We know that if we have a 2 ^ 10 to calculate then we can split it up this into two computations and then multiply both to get the result. 2 ^ 10 = 2 ^ 5 x 2 ^ 5 like so. So if we simply keep on dividing the problem in half until we hit a base case where n = 0. We can achieve n = 0 by simply interger dividing n by 2. So basically our recursive call divides the problem and then we multiply the result with itself.
4. There is a catch though, if n is even then this technique works flawlessly. But if n is odd then we have to multiply the final result with x one time as well. 2 ^ 5 = 2 x 2 ^2 x 2 ^2. This case can be dealt with a ternary condition.
5. There is one more base case or more of an edge case. If x = 0 then we will simply return 0. It does not matter how big or small the value of n is. If x = 0. Our result will be zero as well.
6. The time complexity of this problem after divide and conquer recursive technique is O(logn). The space complexity is also O(logn) which comes from the call stack.
