**Notes:**

1. The problem ask to implement a data structue that can find the median of the incoming data stream. We keep on adding numbers to this data structure and returns the median of all the numbers currently present in the data structure.
2. The naive or brute force way of solving this problem is to maintain all the numbers in data numbers in a sorted manner. Basically for each new addition of number should be done in order. (Insert in-order). This way it will just O(1) finding the middle of the list and return the median. If length of the list is even, we take the 2 middle values, add them and divide the result by 2. If the length of list is odd, then we simply return the middle value. In this approch the inorder insertion of values will always be O(n), since we have to go through all the values O(n), then shift all the values O(n) and then insert the value at correct postion. So the time complexity will be 2(O(n)), will simply be O(n).
3. The more optimized approch to this problem uses 2 heaps such that one heap has all the smaller values and the other heap has all the larger values. In order to be effective at finding the median using two heaps, both heaps should be balanced, meaning the absolute difference between the length of two heaps should be less than equal to 1.
4. For finding median, we should use max Heap for the heap with smaller values and min Heap for the heap with larger values. That way we will be able to find the largest value from the heap with smaller values and smallest value from the heap with larger values. So in the case when the length of both heaps is equal/even. We get the largest and the smallest values from two heaps, add them and divding the sum by 2 to get median. In other two cases where smaller or larger heap is greater. We pop from the greater heap and return it as median.
5. Whenever we add a number we will add the number in the smaller heap. Then the first step is to check whether the largest value in the smaller heap is greater than the smallest value in the larger heap. If it is, then we pop the value from smaller heap and push it in the larger heap. Then the second and third step is to check if the length of smaller or larger heap is greater than the length + 1 of the other heap. Then we pop from the greater heap and push it to the other heap.
6. ProTip: In python we dont have a maxHeap. So we will be using a min heap and mutilply the value by -1 whenever we push or pop value from the smaller heap.
