**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to find the total number of palindromic substrings in a given string. This problem is very similar to the Leetcode 5 problem. So solving that question first is recommended.
2. The brute force way of approaching this problem, is first find all the possible substrings of a given string which is O(n ^ 2) and then for each substring we have to check whether its a palindrome or not. For that, we will keep a left pointer at the start and a right pointer at the end of the substring and comparing the characters. if the comparision is successful we increase the result count by 1 and we move the pointers inwards. If comparision is unsuccessful, we simply move on to the next substring. This two pointer moving inwards technique takes O(n). So the overall time complexity of this brute force approach is O(n ^ 3).
3. The optimal approach is a type of dynamic programming. We find all the odd length palindromes and find all the even length palindromes. But the way we find the palindromes is different. Instead of moving inwards with left and right pointers, we move outwards. For odd length, each character just by its self is a palindrome. So we set the left and right both at the same character, do the comparision and increment result by 1. Then we move the left and right pointer away from this character by 1. Then do the comparison, if successfull we increment the result by 1 and move the pointers outwards for next comparison. If comparsion is unsuccessfull, then we move on to the next character.
4. For even length, we start with 2 characters and set the left pointer to one and the right pointer to the other and then do the comparison, if successfull we increment the result by 1 and move the pointers outwards for next comparison. If comparsion is unsuccessfull, then we move on to the next set of two characters.
5. ProTip: There will be two while loops inside a for loop. The for loop simply iterates over all the characters. The two inner while loops are for odd and evenlength palindromes. I have done a condensed/refactored that has less repeated code.
