**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to find the the number of unique paths in a grid of m x n if we start from the top left cell to the bottom right cell. We can only move right or down from each cell to get to the bottom right corner.
2. The intituiton behind this problem is to look at this problem in terms of bruteforce. From starting cell, we have two choices, either go right or go down. At each cell we will have two choices/branches. By choosing one choice at a time we can get to the bottom right corner, once we reach the bottom right corner, we have found a path. So really, number of unique paths exist at any given cell is the total of unique paths that exists on the right cell and the down cell. Since we have two choices at each cell, and we have to this for the entire grid. The time complexity of this solution is O(2 ^(m.n)).
3. We can optimize the above approach and eliminated any repeated work by caching the results that have been already calculate and if we arrive at cell whose result is already in the cache, we simply return it's result. This will bring down the time and space complexity to O(m.n), which is more efficient. Our bad base case here is that if we go out of bound of the grid, we return 0. Our good bases case are two. If we found the result in cache, we return that result. If we reach the bottom right cell, we return 1. Our recursive case is where we calculate the unique paths from this cell, which is basically unique paths found at right cell Plus unique paths found at the down cell. We cache this result and return it.
4. Now let's discuss the bottom up approach aka tabulation. Here we consider that the bottom right corner it self has a value 1 similarly to the top down approach. But now every thing changes. In order to calculate the unique paths from the cell before it in the same row. We will have to add the unique paths from the right and bottom cells. We do have the right cell, and its value is 1, but we dont have the any cell at the bottom, we are already at the bottom. So here we initialize a result row array of size n and each value is set to 0. Now the current row is the row we are currently finding the paths for, and the result row is basically the previous row. Once we have found all the paths in the current row, we set the current row to result row, and then pick a new row (above) in the next iteration.
5. There is more thing to notice that all the cells in last column of the grid have only 1 way to reach the bottom right corner. So whenever we select a new row for processing, we set the last column value of this row or last the last value in the row to 1 as well. Then we process the columns from n-2 to 0.
6. Finally once we are done, our result will be found at the result row index of 0.
7. The time complexity of this solution is same as DFS but space complexity is O(n). We needed a result row of size n.
