**Notes:**

1. The problem asks us to find the longest substring of repeating characters while we are allowed to make k replacements.
2. Since its a substring problem, sliding window algorithm is the best way to go. Brute force approch will be to find all the substrings and then check which ones are valid and find the longest. This approach would be inefficient because its O(n^2).
3. The question here is how do we find a valid window which can be converted to a substring of repeating characters with k replacements? We know we are allowed a limited number of replacements. This means the character that appears the least in a window should be replaced. Basically, we take the length of entire window and then subtract the count of the character that appeared the most, it will give us the count of the character that appeared the least or characters that need to be replaced. If the count of the characters that appeared less is less than equal to k. Then we have a valid window.`windowLength - countMAx = countToReplace <= k`
4. So we need a frequency hashmap to count the occurences of each character whenever we are adding a new character to our window. If we have a valid window, then we update our longest substring. ProTip: Maintain a variable to keep track of the longest valid substring.
5. Our window will not be valid if the count is least appeared character is greater than k. Then we move our window, meaning we increment our left pointer. But before incrementing our left pointer we have to decrease the count for the character at left pointer.
6. ProTip: This problem is O(26.n) but we can reduce it to O(n). The idea stems from the fact that in any given window that has the highest number of repeating characters while still being valid (i.e. countToReplace <= k) will give us the longest substring that we are looking after. So, if we just keep a track of maximum frequency of repeating characters in any given window. This way we will not look for any smaller valid windows. We only look for bigger windows which will only be possible if we have a larger max frequency with valid window.
