**Notes:**

1. The problem ask us to find the minimum number of jumps required to get to the last index of the array strating from the first index. We are guarenteed to reach the last index. Each value represents how far we can jump. It is important to note that we can reach all the indices that are less the farthest index we can reach to.
2. There is a bottom up dynamic programming solution to this problem, we will have a dp array to store the minimum number of jumps from each index to last index. We initialize the dp array to -1 and set the last index to zero. Then for each index, we cycle through all the indices we can reach to and calculate the minimum of (1 + dp[i + 1 to nums[i]]) only if the value at current index is not zero. But this approach will resuts in O(n ^ 2) time complexity.
3. The second solution is the greedy appraoch and it is of the order of linear time O(n). We have to think this soluton as a linear BFS. Starting from index 0, how far we can go. So the entire window of indices is reachable in only one jump. So we will have a left pointer starting from next index and a right pointer to the farthest index we can reach in one jump. We update the result to 1 as well. Then we go through all the elements in that window and check how far we can go from the end of this current window. We calculate the farthest point at each level. Once we have the farthest point that we can reach from the current window. We update the left and right pointers and also update the result by 1.
4. Finally we return the result.
